Now that we have our hub up and running and our first node up
and running, I'm going to show you how to set up a second node.
And the command is almost identical.
We're going to go through and reuse that same command that we had before,
java ‑jar selenium‑server‑standalone‑3.141.59.jar ‑role node ‑hub.
The only difference I'm going to make is I am going to
specify a port so that there aren't any port collisions
with the other server instance.
So I'm going to say ‑port 5556, and hit Enter. And now it
launched a server, and I have forced a port.
So by doing so, I should be able to switch back to my hub, and I can see that I
have another instance up and running. And if I switch over to my browser, this
is what it looked like before the refresh. And after the refresh, you can see
that I have two instances up and running.
The one thing to note on the differences between these two is that
on the second instance, we forced the port of :5556 on that so
that we don't have address collisions.
They've since cleaned it up to where it's pretty good about identifying that,
but that's how you can specifically set the port that you would like it to
run on so it's consistent each time that you run it. We now have our hub up
and running and our two server instances set up.
You could have it running on a completely separate machine
because it does it all based off of IP address and have an
entire grid setup of Linux, Windows,
Mac, whatever various operating systems and browser configurations you want set up and running.